Rename "rtx" to "mise" in VERSION_MANAGERS.md (#963)
Shopify/vscode-ruby-lsp: VERSION_MANAGERS.md

}
```

### mise (formerly rtx)

> [mise](https://github.com/jdxcode/mise) is a Rust clone compatible with asdf. You can use it by adding the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[mise](https://github.com/jdx/mise) (formerly `rtx`) is a Rust clone compatible with asdf. You can use it by adding the following
```

Reviewer: (once the new name is more established we can remove the `rtx` mention, but for now I think it's helpful for searching).

Author: 👍 I've pushed an update to remove the extra mention.
